{cite:t}`Rudnick2018` (#104)
OceanGlidersCommunity/DepthAverageCurrents_SOP: sections/DACs_dmqc.md

For Spray it takes about  60 s for the wing to rotate to vertical to get a GPS fix. 
This correction tends to be small. 

> This correction is mentioned in the Appendix of Rudnick et al. (2018).

Author: ```suggestion
This correction is mentioned in the Appendix of {cite:t}`Rudnick2018`.
```
